EDU-4084: Update observability.mdx (#3415)
temporalio/documentation: docs/develop/go/observability.mdx

}
```

> When upserting search attributes in existing workflows, use versioning to prevent failures caused by [nondeterminism errors](/workflows#non-deterministic-change) 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When upserting Search Attributes in existing Workflows, versioning prevents failures caused by [non-determinism errors](/workflows#non-deterministic-change).
```

> ```go

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```go
```
